Key Findings

1. People Really Want Alternatives

A lot of people 80% to be exact said they would definitely or probably buy banana fibre or pulp products if these products were good for the environment.

They like the idea of being eco-friendly.

Additionally 70% of people said they would choose products made from bananas over plastic or synthetic products if they worked as well and lasted just as long.

I think this means that people care about sustainability and it can help companies sell their products.

2. People Like It When Companies Use Old Waste

Most people 85% said they would be more likely to buy a product if they knew it was made from waste that would have been thrown away otherwise.

This is a thing for companies that make products from banana fibre.

I think this means that companies can use this to make their products sound more appealing to customers.

3. People Want Products That Last

all people, 90% said that it is very important for banana fibre products to be durable.

People want products that will last a time.

So companies should make sure their products are good and will last.

I think this means that companies should not just say their products are sustainable they should also make sure they work well.

4. People Will Pay More For Products

Some people 45% said they would pay a little more for sustainable products.

Some people, 20% said they would pay even more than that.

So people are willing to pay more for products that're good for the environment.

I think this means that companies can charge a little more for their products.

5. People Want To Customize Their Products

All the people 100% said they would be more likely to buy a product if they could customize it.

Some people, 45% said they would be more likely to buy it.

So companies should let people choose what they want their products to look like.

I think this means that companies can make money if they let people customize their products.

6. People Want Simple And Sustainable Packaging

Some people, 50% said they want packaging that's simple and does not waste a lot of material.

Some people, 25% said they want packaging that is attractive and sustainable.

Most people care about what the packaging looks like and what it is made of.

I think this means that companies should make packaging that's simple and good for the environment.

7. People Need To Know More About Banana Fibre Products

Some people 70% said they feel good about using banana fibre products.

Some people are not sure.

So companies should tell people more about their products. How they work.

They should show people that their products are good and will work well.

I think this means that companies can make people feel more confident, about buying their products if they give them information.